Added pageZoomLevel option to image renderer setup documentation (#59472)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/image-rendering/_index.md

  }
}
```

#### Page zoom level

> Set a page zoom. Default is `1`, `1.5` equals 150% zoom.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following command sets a page zoom level. The default value is `1`. A value of `1.5` equals 150% zoom.
```
